Welcome back.
So what we're going to do today is basically we're going to go ahead and create and simulation of synchronous
communication with the server because we're coming to the point in time where we're going to have a
server and we need to learn how to communicate with it.
Now the communication between our application and the server itself it needs to be synchronous meaning
that when a request towards a server is sent the entire cycle loading doesn't need to wait for the response
from that server to occur.
Rather instead this will be based on the on a promise that a response shall arrive.
But the site will continue loading without the actual data up from the server.
This increases the loading.
This actually severely decreases the loading time of the site which makes the site function a lot faster.
So just some general logic of things.
You send the request your application sends a request towards a server.
So your site is loading and at a certain point in time it needs to pool the list of accounts and it
continues loading without actually having that list of accounts.
Even though it's sent a request for that list of accounts but it only receives a promise that it will
get them at a certain point in time in the future that we do not know but we don't know when but it
will get them.
And it continues loading everything else on the site without actually waiting for the response from
the server.
Once the response comes it renders that part of the page anyway.
So we can begin from the get or method here and we're just going to go and scroll down.
So we have modified our get or public method here.
First of all it says your promise and an array account so OK basically promise is an object here that
is used to make a synchronous programming easier.
The general logic of the promise is that we basically promise that a function will execute at some future
point in time.
As I said what we don't know when this enables us to define basically what will happen if the function
executes successfully or if it fails anyway.
You have the you have the have the return here and in return it says Promise d'arte resolve.
Now resolve for debt.
All of that is all that that does is basically just states that the fetching of the accounts has been
successful.
OK.
So it's a method that's going to fetch this and that's going to state it within the promise.
Hey I have successfully managed to retrieve the accounts and that promise will be sent over when this
function is called.
So whatever is in need of these accounts we'll see.
OK I promise it has succeeded in pulling it but it's going to deliver them at some future point in time
I can continue on loading the site.
Now this is all that was changed here really just this account just this just this function just this
method.
And if we go back to the app component.
Yes quite a bit of things have been changed here.
But nothing on there that we've done.
Okay.
So we're going to go over them one by one.
So first of all you have a private Auray counts since we are a Synchronoss asynchronously initialising
this array so accounts Auray
we need to have it here and we need to make it empty.
So as you can see it's completely empty there's nothing in it so that it is available for future use.
Sort of became populated later point in time.
Anyway if we go down these have been these two lines have been added here so we have a variable premise
and this very this is basically this is going to take the contents of the GET or method.
So through this logic we are calling the get or method.
So the current in this represents the current instance account service that's where that's where the
get or method is basically located and get all is then called any promise is delivered.
And then down below have promise Da'ath then
and here you're going to we're going to be actually fetching the data itself and storing it.
Now what happens here is that you have a new form of you have a new form you have a new function you
have a new method but promise then is also a method.
So then is also a method which is the first parameter basically takes a function.
So this entire thing.
This is one single parameter and within the confines of this function we will define what will happen
and we can also add an additional argument here to define what will happen.
In case it fails as well.
But we're not going to do that now we're just going to define what it what happens if it succeeds.
And basically it passes.
You have this is called This year this entire thing.
It's not difficult to understand but it's a little bit new.
Let me put it like that.
So accounts.
And then you have this equal graden sound which is basically an arrow.
You have this that accounts equals accounts so this function is written.
This is all of this is actually a function.
So what I am selecting now is a function.
So this is a new type a new syntax for function.
It's called a lambda function or as it is referred to it has erro syntax as it is literally erro syntax
you have like an arrow here.
And to the left to tilt to the left of the arrow you have the parameters to the function will receive
and to the right of the arrow you have the body of the function.
So all of this is just the body of the function.
So I don't know we have some parameter accounts and then you have this referring to the current instance
of the private variable counts in which we intend to store all of the all of the data that we have retrieved.
So therefore we initialize private variable accounts to the accounts here.
Simple as that.
So this is initialized to deaths and this is the parameter of the function.
So no big no big deal but it's a little bit difficult to adjust and get used to it.
OK so now that that's VOLP before before I actually move on you have underlined accounts here underlined
accounts.
This is the array.
So all the accounts that we are fetching we're going to be storing in this array.
That is how we are initializing this empty array.
Anyway going to bid you farewell here and we're going to go ahead and continue in the follow up.